[Music]
a hidden key a leap not-taken retrace
your steps escape your past and the key
will be yours at last what part of your
past are you trying to escape valide
[Music]
this is the Oasis a whole virtual
universe
you can do anything be anyone without
going anywhere at all the Oasis was
created by James Halliday then what he
left behind changed everything a contest
three impossible challenges the first to
finish gets complete control of the
Oasis which means complete control of
the future
contest is not about connecting with
someone connecting with the world so we
take it together
sure
[Music]
save the Oasis safety ball there
are you ready
[Music]
I'll wave to you from the finish line
McFly there will
[Music]